Updates in Docker tutorial (#2171)
tensorflow/docs: site/en/install/docker.md

[TensorFlow Docker images](https://hub.docker.com/r/tensorflow/tensorflow/){:.external}
are tested for each release.

> Docker is the easiest way to enable TensorFlow [GPU support](https://www.tensorflow.org/install/pip) on Linux since only the

Reviewer: `gpu.md` redirects to `https://www.tensorflow.org/install/pip`, so let's do the following:

```suggestion
Docker is the easiest way to enable TensorFlow [GPU support](./pip.md) on Linux since only the
```

> Docker is the easiest way to enable TensorFlow [GPU support](./pip.md) on Linux since only the
> [NVIDIA® GPU driver](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-docker/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions#how-do-i-install-the-nvidia-driver){:.external}
> is required on the *host* machine (the *NVIDIA® CUDA® Toolkit* does not need to
> be installed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Docker is the easiest way to enable TensorFlow GPU support on Linux since only the
[NVIDIA® GPU driver](https://github.com/NVIDIA/nvidia-docker/wiki/Frequently-Asked-Questions#how-do-i-install-the-nvidia-driver)
is required on the *host* machine (the *NVIDIA® CUDA® Toolkit* does not need to
be installed). If you don't require the use of Docker, refer to [this guide](/pip.md). 
```

@markmcd Rephrasing, following your comments. cc @MarkDaoust

|-------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `latest`    | The latest release of TensorFlow CPU binary image. Default.                                                          |
| `nightly`   | Nightly builds of the TensorFlow image. (Unstable.)                                                                  |

> | *`version`* | Specify the *version* of the TensorFlow binary image, for example\: *2.8.0*                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *`version`* | Specify the *version* of the TensorFlow binary image, for example\: *2.8.3*                                          |
```

@MarkDaoust @markmcd @shilpakancharla Should we update the TAG names in the table (see https://hub.docker.com/r/tensorflow/tensorflow/tags)

Reviewer 2: I see that em + inline code isn't rendering on the site - I've filed b/264824237 internally to fix it.

> Should we update the TAG names in the table

What are you proposing we change?
